handbook: add forward deployed engineering content (#18336)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/forward-deployed-engineering/working-with-customers.md

## Delivery

Hands-on implementation work: instrumentation, data modeling, migrations, integrations, and reference implementations.

A deliverable is finished when a stranger on the customer's team could pick it up cold, understand the scope, follow the recommendation, and not need to ping us. Every deliverable answers four questions, in order:

1. **What is this?** One paragraph, no jargon.
2. **What did we find or build?** The substance: lead with the conclusion, then the supporting analysis.
3. **What does the customer do next?** Specific, ordered, and assigned to named people.
4. **What did we assume, and what's out of scope?** Calibrates expectations and protects against scope creep on the next iteration.

Write in the customer's vocabulary, not ours; their team has to live with the deliverable. Be direct: "use X" beats "you may want to consider X."

> ### Foundations before dashboards

Reviewer: This section feels like it might be better off in the vault?  Unless I've misunderstood what the vault is for.

So we work in order:

1. **Data layer.** Get the product, billing, and CRM sources cleanly joinable, taxonomy clean, and identify/group calls firing on time.
2. **Dashboards and automations.** The daily tools the customer actually uses (churn triage, renewals, product health, alerts).
3. **Documentation and training.** Hand off to the customer's team so they own it after we leave.

When someone asks "can we just build the dashboard now?", the honest answer is "we can, but it'll be silently wrong until the data lands."

## Rhythms

- **Reply within a business day** to any direct customer mention or DM. If you can't answer in a day, acknowledge in a day and give a real ETA.
- **Weekly sync.** 30 minutes at the same time each week for in-flight engagements. If there's nothing to talk about, cancel; don't pad.
- **Weekly async update.** A one-paragraph status note in the customer channel that frames the next week, so nobody's surprised on Monday.

> Internally, we split each day into **planned** work (the couple of things you chose to make progress on) and **ad hoc** work (customer pings, escalations, quick questions that arrive during the day). Both count. If the week is mostly ad hoc, you're firefighting, not executing. That's the signal to scope back or redistribute, and it's why we log even the small stuff. Invisible work can't be managed.

Reviewer: Where do we log the small stuff?

Reviewer 2: I would try to reduce detailed workflow-related content for now, for instance, I haven't done this in a bit because it's been mostly adjusting to how customers prefer communicating and I've been building automations for customer updates:

> **Weekly async update.** A one-paragraph status note in the customer channel that frames the next week, so nobody's surprised on Monday.

General aspects about how we prioritize and talk are just the same as how PostHog prioritizes and talks, so it might be best to rely on those, cite them if we need to mention something.

<!-- TODO: ONSITES document how FDEs run customer on-sites: when one is worth it, how to prepare, and what good looks like. Reference the sales team's customer on-sites guide (/handbook/growth/sales/customer-onsites) and engineering's visiting customers guide (/handbook/engineering/visiting-customers). -->

## Handover

> When the technical work is done, hand the relationship back to CS and write down what was built and why. A clean handover means:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the technical work is done, hand the relationship back to the account owner and write down what was built and why. A clean handover means:
```
